Renamed reportFullDisplayed to reportFullyDisplayed (#2585)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Renamed reportFullDisplayed to reportFullyDisplayed ([#2585](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/2585))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate reportFullDisplayed in favor of reportFullyDisplayed ([#2585](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/2585))
```
